fix http Microsoft links (#313)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/web-hosting/configuring-servers-in-the-windows-web-platform/enabling-directory-quotas.md

[!code-console[Main](enabling-directory-quotas/samples/sample1.cmd)]

> For more information about the File Server Resource Manager, go to File Server Resource Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the File Server Resource Manager, see [File Server Resource Manager overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/storage/fsrm/fsrm-overview).
```
